README.md, before:

# iOS Development Course

[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-ios-lightgrey.svg)]()
[![Programming Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-objective--c-ff69b4.svg)]()
[![Scrutinizer Build](https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/build/g/filp/whoops.svg?maxAge=2592000)]()
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg?maxAge=2592000)](/LICENSE.md)

Study Material for iOS Development in Objective-C.


# Contents

-	[Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
-	[Requirements](#requirements)
-	[iOS](#ios)
-	[Label, Button, View & Controller](#label,-button,-view-&-controller)
-	[Contribution](#contribution)
-	[Credits](#credits)
-	[License](#license)

## Prerequisites

*	Objective C 
*	Basic C/C++ Programming fundamentals
*	Object Oriented Concepts

## Requirements

* Xcode 7.0

## iOS

### Label, Button, View & Controller

*	[Tap Counter App](https://github.com/aashishtamsya/Tap-Counter-ObjC) - An iOS Application which uses button, label and views for representation of tap counter.

## Contribution

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request 😉 😊


## Credits

Aashish Tamsya [@ChiefAashish](https://www.twitter.com/chiefaashish),
aashish.tamsya@gmail.com

## License

The content of [*iOS Developement Course*](https://github.com/aashishtamsya/iOS-Developement-Course) itself is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/us/deed.en_US), and the underlying source code used to format and display that content is licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php).

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for more info.

Commit message:

Added TextField 7 Keyboard Study Material

README.md, after:

# iOS Development Course

[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-ios-lightgrey.svg)]()
[![Programming Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-objective--c-ff69b4.svg)]()
[![Scrutinizer Build](https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/build/g/filp/whoops.svg?maxAge=2592000)]()
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg?maxAge=2592000)](/LICENSE.md)

Study Material for iOS Development in Objective-C.


# Contents

-	[Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
-	[Requirements](#requirements)

-	[iOS](#ios)
	-	[Label | Button | View | Controller](#label-|-button-|-view-|-controller)
	-	[TextField | Keyboard](#textfield-|-keyboard)
	
-	[Contribution](#contribution)
-	[Credits](#credits)
-	[License](#license)

## Prerequisites

*	Objective C 
*	Basic C/C++ Programming fundamentals
*	Object Oriented Concepts

## Requirements

* Xcode 7.0

## iOS

### Label | Button | View | Controller

*	[Tap Counter App](https://github.com/aashishtamsya/Tap-Counter-ObjC) - An iOS Application written in Objective-C which uses button, label and views for representation of tap counter.

### TextField | Keyboard

*	[Cat Years App](https://github.com/aashishtamsya/CatYears) - An iOS Application written in Objective-C which uses textfield and keyboard for calculation of cat years of a human age.


## Contribution

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request 😉 😊


## Credits

Aashish Tamsya [@ChiefAashish](https://www.twitter.com/chiefaashish),
aashish.tamsya@gmail.com

## License

The content of [*iOS Developement Course*](https://github.com/aashishtamsya/iOS-Developement-Course) itself is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/us/deed.en_US), and the underlying source code used to format and display that content is licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php).

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for more info.
